# First-Time Setup
Once you hear the machine beep, it is time to open your browser to http://rim-server. Note that if the rim-server hostname doesn't automatically resolve, you'll need to follow the instructions in our [Troubleshooting Guide](./troubleshooting.md).
Follow the instructions presented by the setup wizard. When entering a hostname, be sure to enter a fully qualified domain name (FQDN)) if your server has a dns record. The hostname you enter in this setup screen will be what is embedded into your client installers. In addition, it defines the url that will be used when visiting your server's web management dashboard, as well as obtaining ssl certificates.
## SSL Certificate
You will have the option of either generating a free Letsencrypt certificate, self-signing, or uploading your own certificate from your certificate authority. Note that if you self-sign, you will need to manually trust https connections to your host before phase 2 of setup
## SMTP Setup
Enter the smtp credentials issued by your email provider. You are advised to use SMTP port 587 whenever possible.
## License Activation
In order to activate your license, you will be directed to log into your RIM account on the cloud service if you are not logged in already. While this does require the machine from which you are using your server's web interface to have an active internet connection, the server itself does not need to be exposed to the internet for license activation and will never need to phone home to verify the license. Once logged into your cloud account, you will be given information about the license you are about to activate. Notable information includes the organization the license is registered under, and how many simultaneous connection channels are allowed under your current license. Clicking the "Activate" button on this screen will mark the license as activated in your account, at which point you will click a second "Activate" button to place the license on the server itself.
## First-Time Login
Once the license is activated, you will be able to log into your account. An initial admin account will automatically be created on the server for you based on the email address you entered during license activation. The account will be a copy of your account on the cloud server, so your name and organization will be automatically associated with the server account as wel. In order to finish login, you will be sent an email containing a verification link. Once you click this link, you will enter the dashboard.